gh-116560: Add PyLong_GetSign() public function (#116561)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.13.rst

  between native integer types and Python :class:`int` objects.
  (Contributed by Steve Dower in :gh:`111140`.)

> * Add :c:func:`PyLong_GetSign` function to test sign of :class:`int` objects.

Reviewer: Sadly, this PR is too late for Python 3.13, it missed the feature freeze (beta1). You should move this entry to Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst.

Also:

```suggestion
* Add :c:func:`PyLong_GetSign` function to get the sign of :class:`int` objects.
```

>   Contributed by Sergey B Kirpichev.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Contributed by Sergey B Kirpichev in :gh:`116560`.)
```
